No command spam.
No macros.
No hacks.
No adding/changing/removing commands.
No voice chat channel hopping.
No annoying, loud or high pitch noises.
Reduce the amount of background noise, if possible.
Push to talk only.
Moderators reserve the right to disconnect you from a voice channel if your sound quality is poor.
Moderators reserve the right to disconnect, mute, deafen, or move members to and from voice channels.
No questioning the mods.
No @mentioning the mods.
No asking to be granted roles/moderator roles.
@mention the moderators for support.
Contact the moderators under #channel for support.
No @everyone/@here mentioning without permission.
No @mentioning spam.
No sexually explicit content.
No pornographic content.
No NSFW content.
No illegal content.
No piracy.
No modding.
No homebrew.
No hacking.
No publishing of personal information (including real names, addresses, emails, passwords, bank account and credit card information, etc.).
No personal attacks.
No witch hunting.
No harassment.
No sexism.
No racism.
No hate speech.
No offensive language/cursing.
No religious discussions.
No political discussions.
No sexual discussions.
No flirting.
No dating.
No flaming.
No flame wars.
Agree to disagree.
No trolling.
No spamming.
No excessive messaging (breaking up an idea in many posts instead of writing all out in just one post).
No walls of text (either in separate posts or as a single post).
No CAPS LOCK.
No overusing emojis.
No overusing reactions.
No external emojis.
Keep conversations in English.
Use #channel for conversations in another/other language(s).
Moderators reserve the right to delete any post.
Moderators reserve the right to edit any post.
No advertisement.
No advertisement without permission.
No links.
No linking to other servers.
No memes.
No pictures.
No gifs.
No bot commands.
Bot commands only under #channel.
List of allowed bot commands:
No channel hopping.
No offtopic/use the right text channel for the topic you wish to discuss.
No blank nicknames.
No inappropriate nicknames.
No sexually explicit nicknames.
No offensive nicknames.
No nicknames with unusual or unreadable Unicode.
No blank profile pictures.
No inappropriate profile pictures.
No sexually explicit profile pictures.
No offensive profile pictures.
No membership granted to minors (under 18 years).
Moderators reserve the right to change nicknames.
Moderators reserve the right to use their own discretion regardless of any rule.
No exploiting loopholes in the rules (please report them).
No DMing other members of the server.
Rules apply to DMing other members of the server.
No inviting unofficial bots.
No bugs, exploits, glitches, hacks, bugs, etc.
You may not sell your account or your server.
You may not use self-bots or user-bots to access Discord.
You may not share content that violates anyone's intellectual property or other rights.
You may not spam Discord, especially our Customer Support and Trust & Safety teams. Making false and malicious reports, sending multiple reports about the same issue, or asking a group of users to all report the same content may lead to action being taken on your account.
You must apply the NSFW label to channels if there is adult content in that channel. Any content that cannot be placed in an age-gated channel, such as avatars, server banners, and invite splashes, may not contain adult content.
You may not sexualize minors in any way. This includes sharing content or links which depict minors in a pornographic, sexually suggestive, or violent manner, and includes illustrated or digitally altered pornography that depicts minors (such as lolicon, shotacon, or cub). We report illegal content to the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children.
You may not share sexually explicit content of other people without their consent, or share or promote sharing of non-consensual intimate imagery (also known as revenge porn) in an attempt to shame or degrade someone.
You may not share content that glorifies or promotes suicide or self-harm, including any encouragement to others to cut themselves, or embrace eating disorders such as anorexia or bulimia.
You may not share images of sadistic gore or animal cruelty.
You may not use Discord for the organization, promotion, or support of violent extremism.
You may not operate a server that sells or facilitates the sales of prohibited or potentially dangerous goods. This includes firearms, ammunition, drugs, and controlled substances.
You may not promote, distribute, or provide access to content involving the hacking, cracking, or distribution of pirated software or stolen accounts. This includes sharing or selling cheats or hacks that may negatively affect others in multiplayer games.
In general, you should not promote, encourage or engage in any illegal behavior. This is very likely to get you kicked off Discord, and may get you reported to law enforcement.
Do not organize, participate in, or encourage harassment of others. Disagreements happen and are normal, but continuous, repetitive, or severe negative comments may cross the line into harassment and are not okay.
Do not organize, promote, or coordinate servers around hate speech. It’s unacceptable to attack a person or a community based on attributes such as their race, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, sexual orientation, religious affiliation, or disabilities.
Do not make threats of violence or threaten to harm others. This includes indirect threats, as well as sharing or threatening to share someone’s private personal information (also known as doxxing).
Do not evade user blocks or server bans. Do not send unwanted, repeated friend requests or messages, especially after they’ve made it clear they don’t want to talk to you anymore. Do not try to hide your identity in an attempt to contact someone who has blocked you, or otherwise circumvent the tools we have which enable users to protect themselves.
Do not send others viruses or malware, attempt to phish others, or hack or DDoS them.